feat(helm): Make access modes for persistence on all PVCs and StatefulSets editable (#13474)
grafana/loki: production/helm/loki/CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (<AUTOMATED_UPDATES_LOCATOR> : do not remove this line. This locator is used by the CI pipeline to automatically create a changelog entry for each new Loki release. Add other chart versions and respective changelog entries bellow this line.)

> ## 6.32.1
> 
> - [ENHANCEMENT] Make access modes for persistence on all PVCs and StatefulSets editable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ENHANCEMENT] Make access modes for persistence on all PVCs and StatefulSets editable [#13474](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/13474)
```
